# Contributors Weekly

*November 13, 2017 at 10 am PDT*

### Attendees
- Thea Lamkin 
- Sashko Stubailo
- Peggy Rayzis
- Jon Wong
- Lewis Chung
- Evans Hauser
- Martijn Walraven 

### Agenda
- Contributor Weekly meeting format and contributor communication channels (Thea)

### Notes
- next meeting at 10am PT Nov 28, 2017
  - we'll review the proposals below and get a final ok from everyone interested, outline next steps
  - come up with list of possible times for future meetings to distribute and get votes on
- (proposal) updated Contributor Weekly meeting focus
  - moving to primarily reviewing PRs and "hot" issues with time for new initiatives and design discussions as-needed
  - inviting maintainers from the wider Apollo ecosystem
  - rethink the meeting time to allow wider participation -- will ask key contributors what time works best and reschedule after Thanksgiving week
  - check out node foundation tool that collects prs across all repos for an agenda, or designate labels for prs/issues that should be reviewed in meeting
- (proposal) maintainer visibility and roles
  - add list of maintainers in a maintainer.md file in each project repo
  - designate a "lead maintainer" for each library that is expected to have an ongoing active role in managing repo ops - this is a rotating role based on project involvement
  - outline exact maintainer abilities publicly (ability to publish a package)
  - clearer path from contributor to maintainer, and more regularly promote people
  - allow for and communicate maintainer sub-specialties 
  - add master maintainer list to apollo repo with map of active repos
  - question: do we want to move to a lgtm system for commits to master? (at least one other maintainer reviews code)
- (proposal) project communication channels
  - rename contributor weekly channel to private #apollo-maintainers channel
  - create alert names for each project/repo with maintainers & key contributors subscribed
  - move all communication around project collaboration here, unless particular projects need their own channel (to be indexed here)
  - move project collaboration comms out of dms as much as possible
  - all of this is to make it easier for people to see what's going on in the project, jump back in after some time off, and un-silo project communications as much as possible
- sashko will be taking over maintainership of graphql-tools for the time being

  
