*January 16, 2018 at 2pm Pacific Time*
 
### Attendees
- Thea Lamkin
- Sashko Stubailo
- James Baxley
- Jayden Seric
- Peggy Rayzis 
- Shadaj Laddad

### Agenda
- Kevin Ross: releasing a `@next` package for react-apollo
- follow up on react-apollo render props discussion - next steps
- link-rest progress
- launchpad PR for cosmetic fix (also bringing up potential Travis issue for master): https://github.com/apollographql/launchpad/pull/88
- question from Jonas Faber: is anyone aware what happened to the apollo-react client prop that you could use to connect to a custom client?
- jayden: update on batching link - will i be able tap in externally to apollo packages?

### Notes
**Kevin Ross: releasing a `@next` package for react-apollo**
 - james to follow up with Kevin online, and set up a meeting possibly as part of a release tooling meeting
 - allow contributors to test out without maintainer their own forks
 - potential help from Jesse (interested in building multi version support for the docs)

**follow up on react-apollo render props discussion - next steps**
 - hold for next meeting
**link-rest progress**
 - peggy setting up meeting for link-rest contributors to talk about next steps for release
 - Peggy: docs PR needs additional work, still need to review blog draft
 - code change that's blocking release: declaring nested type names on fields (https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-link-rest/issues/48)
 - *target date: 1/23/18*

**launchpad PR for cosmetic fix (also bringing up potential Travis issue for master)**
- https://github.com/apollographql/launchpad/pull/88
- james: plan to move to node 8 from node 4, as part of that will address these PRs

**question from Jonas Faber: is anyone aware what happened to the apollo-react client prop that you could use to connect to a custom client?**
 - james to follow up in #apollo-maintainers channel
 
**jayden: update on batching link - will i be able tap in externally to apollo packages?**
 - waiting on evans to come back from vacation and finish design 
 - james: goal is batching as a standalone component - you should be able to decorate your link to allow it to be batched
 - jayden: publishing a helpers package would be useful, important for testing 
 - eta for when this will stabilize? James: beginning of February given Evans' schedule, but could be sooner if it becomes a pressing issue
 - jayden: how do we feel about batching now? is it still a good idea?
   - sashko: mixed feelings around this, not enough content defining best practices around batching to allow people to understand when and how to get value from it
   - jayden: currently is a bad experience
- *next steps:* 
   - *keep up work on apollo link upload, apollo link http, share a lot of code/primitives so it's easy to pick up when evans et all can continue to work on it*
   - *don't push people to use batching as a matter of course without more specific guidance*
   - *promolgate more best practices material/content around batching*
   - *be clearer about what to care about at what stage during your process learning/adopting graphql*
   - *jayden to set up slack channel to keep conversations public/transparent*

**update from shadaj!**
 
